how to check : amount in Honda's siddik
1.8 i-vtec engine okay firstly you need
to open this car at and then you need to
look first at this radiator coolant
situation and there is this cap what you
need to open and hook inside in this gap
that is there any liquid in there and
such now in here you can see the tourist
region and this is okay and then we need
to and we install this gap back in here
you press the cap and test then the
ground and then ejected the circle and
then we need to check the focus this
extra coolant tank situation and when we
go a little bit down there is this extra
coolant tank and tourists if you look it
is very down there is the text that that
marks marks marks pebble and you'll need
to open that cap you rotate this cap in
this way and then there is this cable
and
and I think that that when when you when
you add this quick with we we take the
close of this cool on okay and then when
we check if you look into the very down
there you can see max level and and when
when we meet this car you can move that
there is liquid moving and then his
sauce that now there is enough this
cooler but of course I have to learn to
you that the hot to do if you are in
like a hot area and you know the stuff
in your coolant there is not enough is
coolant liquid you need to add some
coolant and theorist idea that you open
that gap
what is just now in open and there and
then you need to add there some coolant
liquid and here is one example that you
use that kind of coolant
where is this texture pool on auntie
please concentrate and you can add that
coolant in there directly in that box
there is this box and and then when we
install this coolant firstly you open
this cap cap in here and then then you
look that where is this mr. wrap and
then can you only little bit drop
in this way to add this in there and if
this coolant goes little bit up then you
can clean those extra things using using
cotton cotton sauce and and now we have
added this coolant and then you need to
install this coolant extra tank pipe
back and then dick and his cap you
rotate
oh you wrote it now it's indica and this
was the way how to check coolant level